
= Rencon

* http://github.com/Sixeight/rencon/tree/master

== DESCRIPTION:

Rencon is a commandline interface of Redmine

== REQUIREMENTS:

* mechanize
** sudo gem install mechanize

== USAGE:

Type

  $ rencon yourproj

then you get

  my project
  ------------------
  + #18 write documentation for app
  - #15 design more simple api

+/- symbol means ticket was assined to you or not. '+' is your task, '-' is not.

If rencon was given project name, he uses first project name on your list.

If you set list like PROJECTS = %w[ rencon gobow ]
and run rencon without arguments
then rencon uses 'rencon' as project name.

== SETTINGS:

You must write a following settings in bin/rencon to use rencon.

  CONFIG = {
    :host     => 'REDMINE.URL/wituout/protocol',
    :user     => 'USERNAME',
    :pass     => 'PASSWORD',
    :name     => 'YOUR NAME',
    :per_page => 50,
  }

  PROJECTS = %w[
    YOUR PROJECT NAMES HERE
  ]

== LICENSE:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Tomohiro Nishimura

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

